New API landing page (#7460)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/v1/_index.md

- Create [Embeddable Graphs][21]
- Take a [graph snapshot][22]
- [Service Dependencies][23] - see a list of your APM services and their dependencies
- Create [Monitors][24]
- [Service Checks][25] - post check statuses for use with monitors
- Create and manage [Logs][26], [Logs Indexes][27], and [Logs Pipelines][28]
- Get [Host][20] information for your organization
- Create and manage [Service Level Objectives][29]
- Generate [Security Monitoring][30] signals

{{< h2 >}}Manage your account{{< /h2 >}}

You can also use the Datadog API to programatically manage your account:

- Manage [Users][31]
- Manage [Roles][32]
- Manage your [Organization][33]
- Veirfy API and app keys with the [Authentication][34] endpoint
- Grant specific logs access with the [Logs Restriction Queries][35]
- Manage existing keys with [Key Management][36]
- Get get hourly, daily, and monthly usage across multiple facets of Datadog with the [Usage Metering][37] endpoints
- See the list of IP prefixes belonging to Datadog with[IP Ranges][38]

{{< h2 >}}Rate limiting{{< /h2 >}}

Some of the API endpoints are rate limited. Once you exceed a certain number of requests in a certain time period we return an error.

> For rate limited API endpoints we return headers so you can know how close you are to your limit. If you exceed your limit, review these headers to determine when you are able to try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Headers are returned for rate limited API endpoints so you can know how close you are to your limit. If you exceed your limit, review these headers to determine when you are able to try again.
```
